Update how-to-create-attach-compute-cluster.md (#222)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/machine-learning/how-to-create-attach-compute-cluster.md

* Azure allows you to place *locks* on resources, so that they can't be deleted or are read only. **Do not apply resource locks to the resource group that contains your workspace**. Applying a lock to the resource group that contains your workspace prevents scaling operations for Azure Machine Learning compute clusters. For more information on locking resources, see [Lock resources to prevent unexpected changes](/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/lock-resources).

> [!Caution]

> > Applying resource locks, such as "Delete" or "Read-only", to the resource group containing your Machine Learning workspace or to a separate resource group where you've configured a Virtual Network (VNet), can prevent operations like creation, scaling, or deletion of these clusters. Ensure that resource locks are configured appropriately to avoid unintended disruptions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Applying resource locks, such as "Delete" or "Read-only", to the resource group containing your Azure AI Foundry project or to a separate resource group where you've configured a Virtual Network (VNet), can prevent operations like creation, scaling, or deletion of these clusters. Ensure that resource locks are configured appropriately to avoid unintended disruptions. 
```

> > Applying resource locks, such as "Delete" or "Read-only", to the resource group containing your Machine Learning workspace or to a separate resource group where you've configured a Virtual Network (VNet), can prevent operations like creation, scaling, or deletion of these clusters. Ensure that resource locks are configured appropriately to avoid unintended disruptions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Applying resource locks, such as "Delete" or "Read-only", to the resource group containing your Machine Learning workspace or to a separate resource group where you've configured a virtual network can prevent operations like creation, scaling, or deletion of these clusters. Ensure that resource locks are configured appropriately to avoid unintended disruptions. 
```
Minor edits to align with Microsoft style.
